Now let's take a look at what we're going to cover in the course.
And this course will work with AWOS using Python and both are three API.
Python is becoming very popular with managing AWOS resources and both are three years on top of it is
a great library for managing AWOS clients and resources from easy to instances to PCs Lobello answers
and everything about AWOS you can simply manage everything using both a 3 and Python for AWOS And of
course I'll explain everything.
But it's nice to know what we PC and easy to beforehand.
So I'm guessing that you're familiar with AWOS concepts about the PC and easy to and what they are standing
for and I'll be really happy if you have some idea on what they are and how we can use them on a console.
And of course most importantly this is a very hands on course.
We're going to be developing everything from scratch using Python.
And both are three on AWOS.
We're going to be creating our credentials for deployment and then we're going to start our project
in PI charme ID from Jet brains and then we're going to be making use of both all three and Python to
connect to a W-S and we're going to start implementing our architecture which we're going to be taking
a look at in the next lecture.
And again we're going to be developing our own AWOS solution from scratch with Python and both are three.
This is really important because you can use these kind of solutions in everywhere from your personal
ambitious projects to production grade actual work projects.
You can make use of this information anywhere.
And I'd like to stress that again will not do anything manually.
It's all will be automated with Python.
And both are three.
This is very important because otherwise we can simply go into and log into a W-S console and make all
these manually by hand.
We can type everything in there and we can manually create it but we don't want that.
We want to have a code base that we can use and reuse again because this way is the way that we should
be following these days.
All right.
Now is the time to take a look at what we're actually going to be developing into score's the architectural
diagram of what we're going to be seeing in the lectures and throughout the course.
So let's go over to the next lecture and I'll be showing you what we're going to be building in this
course.